oh hey guys welcome back to my channel
my name is Alexis and today I am here
with another exciting video this video
is like my other one it is a product
review video and I was really excited to
do a review on this product because it
is another hair growth serum but it is
for your eyelashes and eyebrows and the
product that I will be talking about is
Mary Kay Cosmetics lash and brow
building serum the reason I am so
excited to talk about this product is
because I know that it is very popular
now to have those thick brows and those
long eyelashes so I decided to give this
dear Emma try and what this serum is
supposed to do is make your eyelashes
longer and fuller and make your eyebrows
a lot thicker here's what it looks like
this is the building serum it comes to
this white 2 and I believe it's $38 it
was really expensive but I've heard a
lot of great reviews about this product
and this before I start I just want to
say that this is not a sponsored video
this is my opinion and I like giving you
guys honest reviews which is why I'm
making this video so the first thing
that I did when I got this serum was I
decided okay I'm going to use it on my
eyelashes first my mom said to do this
because like if you put on your eyebrows
and eyelashes you can get back to like
more bacteria to build up and then
you're putting in the tube and I just
decided that I didn't want to do that so
I did take before and after pictures and
I will talk about those later so when
you first opened it up so what it looks
like all that you're supposed to do is
sweep it across the top layer of your
eyelid like you're putting on eyeliner
this is super easy to use and that's why
I loved it and so every night before you
went to bed I would put this on my
eyelid and then go to sleep with it on
and you don't have to wash off for
anything I am pretty sure you're just
supposed to use it after you moisturize
your face so I would put this on every
night and then in the morning I would
always just look at my eyelashes like
who I think they're growing and
unfortunately I did not see that much
growth of my eyelashes I feel like they
did get a little bit longer but it
wasn't like drastic as the pictures for
this advertise and of course it's not
going to be and that's why I was a
little bit disappointed so I come to
using it for about two months and I was
like okay this just is not working and
so I did take after pictures and I did
not see a difference so that's why I'm
not even going to show you guys during
those two months when I would use it on
my eyelashes I started putting some on
the bottom of my eyelashes to just to
see it those would grow I didn't see any
growth for those either when I would use
this I would always put it as close to
my eyeball as it could like without
getting it in my eye and the bad thing
about this is this got in my eye and
have heard so much like I had to rinse
it off soap and water and just take all
of it off because I was like oh my gosh
I can't handle this on my eye there's
always my left eye for some reason I
don't know if I was getting it in my eye
or what but if you guys try this you do
not want to get this in your eye because
it burns so much and I probably did this
about 10 to 12 times I did it so much
so you just got to be careful if you
want
use it after I've figured I was done
using this on my eyelashes I was like
okay now I'll use it on my eyebrows and
instead of taking before and after
pictures this time I just used it on my
right eyebrow so that I could see the
difference between the two so since my
eyebrows are a little bit thinner right
here this is where I would mainly put
the serum and I also did put some in the
front right here as well as for the side
right here I've been using it for two
months
just like my eyelashes I don't see a
difference at all but the funny thing is
right here on my eyebrow I did see a
difference my hairs grew so long but it
didn't seem like it was getting fuller
in my eyebrows the hairs that I had just
kept growing really long and it was so
weird I was just like why could that
have happened to my eyelashes totally
weird maybe it's just my face so overall
this product did not really work for me
and I'm kind of sad because it was
pretty expensive I recommend if you guys
want to grow your eyelashes or your
eyebrows you should get eyelash
extensions or maybe just try a different
serum and also let me know in the
comments down below if you guys have
tried a different serum and it's worked
for you but the Mary Kay serum did not
work for me
so that's my review for I hope that you
guys liked it make sure to LIKE this
video if you guys enjoyed the review and
comment down below what other videos you
would like you to do because I love
making videos for you guys so much I'll
see you in the next video bye